docs: Add instructions for disabling a workflow for a single subscriber [ticket DVRL-22] (#383)
novuhq/docs: subscribers/preferences.mdx

    from the workflow.However, after subsequent preference updates, the
    subscriber's preferences will not inherit workflow-level preferences.
  </Accordion>

    <Accordion title="How to disable a workflow for a single subscriber?">

>     You can turn off all channels of workflow for a subscriber using [subscriber preference](/subscribers/preferences#subscriber-level-channel-preferences). if all channels are off, then subscriber will not receive any message from any channel step and hence workflow is disable for that subscriber

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can turn off all workflow's channels for a subscriber using [subscriber preference](/subscribers/preferences#subscriber-level-channel-preferences). If all channels are off, then the subscriber will not receive any message from any channel step and hence workflow is disabled for that subscriber
```
